A 25-bed hospital on tribal land in northern Arizona.
Same federal CMS reporting obligations as Mayo Clinic.
No IT department. No analytics team.
This Mac Mini runs Gemma 4 entirely on-device.
Watch the airplane-mode indicator.
Marlene types: "find the top 3 care gaps and tell me which one to tackle first."
Three function calls. Care gap finder. Facility benchmark. Cross-cutting analysis.
Sepsis bundle compliance is 64 percent — fourteen points below peer median.
Refresh the 3-hour bundle education and audit antibiotic timing.
Stanford-grade quality analytics. Four seconds. On a four hundred dollar box.
Now Marlene holds a handwritten patient experience survey to the webcam.
Gemma 4 vision transcribes it. Adds it to local FHIR. Compliance ledger logs the action: PHI egress, false.
Submit to CMS. Sovereignty Mode requires a tribal council co-signature key.
Redaction sub-agent strips a hundred forty-two PHI fields.
Differential privacy noise applied. Envelope signed.
Frontier intelligence does not require a frontier datacenter.
HealthPulse Edge. Built on Gemma 4. github dot com slash sgharlow slash gemma-health.